{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-500\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi720\sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Islands is a }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 decentralized}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  network built on the principles of }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 anonymity}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 verifiability}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  and}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0  user ownership}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , which serves as }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 a platform for communication apps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a mouthful. Breaking it down, Islands is:}
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-500\sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Decentralized}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : No single person or entity can ever control Islands. The default distribution of Islands comes with the tools to host an Island and grow the system.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Anonymous}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : Islands does not collect any personally identifiable data from users. All communication is encrypted and routed through TOR to obscure the source and destination.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Verifiable}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : Although users on Islands are anonymous, they do have an identity in the system, with means to ensure that their identity can not be faked by another person.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Respectful of user ownership}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : When a user launches an Island and runs an app on it, they have full control of what\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s on it and who can access it.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 A platform for communication apps}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : Islands is fully open-source and can be used by anyone who wishes to build applications with the above features. The default app shipping with Islands is Islands Chat.}}